along with Katie fours this year one of
the things that seems to be blowing up
as foamposites the Reds were hard to get
the electric limes which these are this
bright yellow color way or a bit hard to
get sold out fast big fan of these only
one pair the galaxy Foamposite so I'm
still on the hunt those are blown up out
of proportion with all the hype I do
hope the rumors about them releasing a
couple more times this year are true
just don't want to pay those large extra
aftermarket dollars therefore I don't
have them yet emphasizing yet these are
a little different story and I wonder
why yes there's some great color ways
now that Gentry has taken over
sportswear love the Reds love these
yellow electro limes
but foams quite often used to be
released and they would sit around for a
while the last one that was really one I
had to jump on fast for the puters hausa
hoops release only short supply most of
the others were available no problem
some of them you can even find or could
find in the outlets from time to time I
know DC is a hub big fans of the foams
up there but what has changed besides
the hype on these this year that makes
foam so hard to get glad I've been
copping kicks for a long time glad I can
still rely upon some friends when
possible to help me out not every time
these days just because of all the
things going on this year but for the
most part I still have many people that
helped me to get what I need to get
thanks to all of you I want to find some
electro lime laces for these the same
yellow color way it's got to be this
exact color way right here one and if I
find them they will be in this shoe I
think that's a change that they could
make with foams coming out in the future
give me those same colored laces I have
other ideas for the phone posits that i
think would change them up and make them
a little bit more exciting so I need
gentry to give me a call and I'll share
my ideas if you see the video sir I'm
available Sam Colt 12 is not hard to
find
great job on these glad I got them as
always you can find me at Sam Colt
12.com also on Google+ now Sam Colt 12
tom thompson instagram for my photos and
video 15 second catch up quick videos
Electra lime foams now on the hunt for
the laces to match good stuff
you